Add concept figures and draft contents (#14)
cloud-barista/cb-coffeehouse: docs/A-step-by-step-tutorial-to-create-a-single-Kubernetes-cluster-on-Multi-cloud.md

> # A tutorial to create a single Kubernetes cluster on Multi-cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A tutorial to deploy a single Kubernetes cluster on Multi-cloud
```
는 어떨까요?

a single Kubernetes cluster across Multi-clouds ?

across 라는 표현도 어울릴듯합니당..^^ 참고하세요~

Author: LGTM
보다 명확한 타이틀로 수정의견 주셔서 감사합니다 🙏 
저도 deploy 고민하다가 일반적인 create 선택했는데 역시 deploy가 더 맞는것 같습니다 ^^
수정 PR 올리겠습니다.

This article provides **a step by step tutorial to create a single Kubernetes cluster on Multi-cloud**.
(Can you imagine an interesting point? :wink:)

The figure below shows the brief concept of this tutorial. 
Public CSPs on the bottom provides virtual machines (VMs). 
Cloud-Barista provides the integrated operation and management of resources related to VMs, and also provides an overlay network.
Thus, an user could configure a single Kubernetes cluster on Multi-cloud.

<p align="center">

>   <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7975459/127101477-bc53dafb-b2af-46d8-964e-cc6fa3c0a5af.png" width="80%" height="80%" >

Reviewer: 아래 그림에서도 SP, TB, LV 가 가 상세히 표현되니까~

이 그림에서는 FW 아이콘 보다는 
위에 설명과 align되도록 
간단한 VM 구성과 오버레이 네트워크 형상을 넣으면 어떨까요?
(AWS 위에는 주황색 VM들, GCP 위에는 초록색 VM들, AZ 위에는 파란색 VM 들. 그리고 VM들을 싸고 있는 오버레이 네트워크)

Author: LGTM

</p>

> The figure below depicts framework associations from the bottom to the top in order to configure a Kubernetes cluster on Multi-cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The figure below depicts associated Cloud-Barista components from the bottom to the top in order to configure a Kubernetes cluster on Multi-cloud.
```
는 어떨까요?

Author: LGTM
